What do niggas do in college anyway? You ever see these nigga fraternities? Black Fraterniites should have an African name: Boogedy, Boogedy Boogedy. I gotta Black fraternity for you, it’s called prison. Jail Phi Jail, nigga. You know!
If you black of skin and full sin come forward so that I may lay my hands on you. Black be gone! Praise white Jesus!
Instead of sitting around here chopping the brillo off eachother’s heads, ya’ll should take your black asses to Iraq and help fight for our freedom!
Them happy, nappy head n*ggas/with their fingers on the triggers/don’t trust them new n*ggas over there!
Ain’t nobody talking while I’m talking, so shut the f*ck up! My name is Uncle Ruckus and I will be nigga-sitting you two until your grandfather returns. Your granddad had picked me cause I am a licensed zoologist. I have studied a variety of wild animals and the African male, if by far, is the most savagely cunning. This is an opportunity to observe you niggas in your natural habitat and collect data. But be warned, whatever nigga trickery you got up your sleeve does not affect me!
Colored folks talkin’ about ‘Save Me!’ / Wasn’t nothin’ wrong with slavery! / At least we got good food back then — uh huh, uh huh! / White man sho could be yo friend-
Can I get a shoe named after a white man please? Excuse me, Darkie in the zebra shirt. Can I get a Bruce Jenner sneaker? I’m not leaving here until I get a shoe named after a white man! John Stockton, Pistol Pete Maravich. Anybody!
Niggas can't fight. They don’t possess the strength of character to be a great fighter. That’s why all the best fighters have always been white men. Name me one great black heavyweight fighter? You can’t do it. You wanna pull Ali out your ass? Then why he didn’t go to Vietnam? Cuz he was scared. No Vietnamese never called me nigga. I called him a nigga eight times before breakfast. Want he gonna do? Jean Claude Van Dam killed a man with his butt cheek power.
Go on back! The white man brought in the whole gulf of Mexico to wash ya’ll niggas away…but you ain’t too good at takin a hint!  I’mma get me a dog and name him Levvy and kick him every time it rains!
My name is Uncle Ruckus, no relation.
I work about 32 jobs over the course of a week. 
I’m not walkin’ to the Moon, I’m walkin’ to the liquor store.
If he gets really desperate, he may start to rap or dance.
I’m probably going to have to start selling crack, or rapping, or rapping about selling crack.
Jean-Claude Van Damme’s the best martial artist in the world. He killed a man with his butt cheek power. 
Shut yo’ preachin’ a.. up, you son of a b…h!
I couldn’t hear you over the sound of me sh….n’ myself.
You need a special permit for wheels like that.
She won’t be too much hassle. The doctor said she gonna be dead any minute now.
Due to the conditions of my parole, I am unable to leave the country at this time.
I dunno how I’m supposed to pay the bills… probably have to start selling crack.
They don’t possess the strength of character or the mental quickness to be a great fighter.
I’m gonna get me a dog; name him Levee. I’m gonna kick him every time it rains.
Only stealin’ and shootin’ I wanna see is on this here b-ball, you little future ex-con.
It was a Fourth of July, and I was told it was an especially good night to be born, but that was some bulls..t.

